[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Will UFO disclosure be
coming to you this summer?
The US government says yes.
But some experts disagree.
This is Gaia News.
A 180-day countdown
to disclosure
has reportedly begun,
and many people
may not have even noticed it.
The recently signed relief
and government funding bill
included the Intelligence
Authorization Act.
And tucked within that act
was a committee comment
directing the Director
of National Intelligence
along with heads of other
intelligence agencies
to submit a report,
quote, "within 180
days of the date of
enactment of the act
to the Congressional
intelligence
and Armed Services Committees on
unidentified aerial phenomena,
also known as anomalous
aerial vehicles,
including observed
airborne objects that
have not been identified."
This committee comment
instructs the Director
of National
Intelligence to include
a detailed analysis of all
unidentified aerial phenomena
collected or held
by the US government
as well as a detailed
analysis by the FBI.
Nick Pope, who
worked for the UK'S
Ministry of Defense
investigating
UFO's, on what this all means.
>> The requirement is
very wide-ranging--
calls for a report from Director
of National Intelligence
to various Congressional
committees, essentially
Intelligence and Armed Services.
And the first
question is, they want
to know who knows what
across government, military,
and the intelligence community
and an assessment of where
we are with the
phenomenon right now.
What's going on in our airspace?
>> But what will
we actually learn?
Will it all be declassified?
>> The difficulty is
that the requirement is
for an unclassified report, but
one which may have a classified
annex.
So the danger here is that
the media and the public
will just get a very bland,
unclassified summary.
And the really interesting
stuff will only
go to these
Congressional committees
because it will be
highly classified.
>> How far back does this go?
Will we learn about Roswell
and other famous UFO sightings?
>> The focus is very
much on the present day,
the ongoing series of incursions
into restricted military
airspace.
Now I think that's
certainly going
to have to include the Tic
Tac incident, the USS Nimitz
encounter.
Whether they're going to
go right back to things
like Roswell or not,
I very much doubt.
Now interestingly,
Senator Marco Rubio
said he would almost rather
this was extraterrestrial.
Because he said if
it's Russia or China,
the idea that an
adversary has made
this quantum leap in technology
is highly disturbing.
>> But have we seen
anything like this before?
>> There have been previous
Congressional hearings on this.
Now you'd have to go back
to the '60s for that.
Now this is a
report from Director
of National Intelligence
consulting Secretary of Defense
but also people like
the FBI Director,
others as appropriate.
But there's a long way to go.
This doesn't have to
be out till late June,
and a lot may happen
between now and then.
>> This comes on the heels
of the recently formed
Unidentified Aerial
Phenomenon Task Force,
who will probably bear the
responsibility of writing this
report.
Now they've been set
up for some months now.
They are investigating
sightings.
But they'll also be
the ones, I'm sure--
the subject matter experts--
drafting this report.
Given that they have
been working on this,
one suspects, for a
while, don't be surprised
if the report comes in
before the deadline.
>> But John DeSouza, former FBI
agent and author of the book
"Extra-Dimensionals,"
has a different take.
He says the committee
comment doesn't carry
the full weight of a law, and--
>> This story is a fake, and it
is associated with a group that
I call the UAP Faker Group.
It's part of a large
psychological operation meant
to take over ufology
and to guide us
towards fake alien invasion.
That's what it's all about.
>> If this is true, why would
they fake an alien invasion?
>> The ultimate goal of the
UAP Faker Group is ultimately
to bring us towards this fake
alien invasion so that they can
establish their final complete
control over humanity through
these alien visitors that
supposedly will exist.
>> Whether we are about to learn
the truth this summer or pieces
of the truth, one
thing is for sure.
The idea of disclosure
is becoming a mainstream
phenomena.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.